Jira DOC-196: Modules: document enterprise capability support (#1504)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/modules/enterprise-capabilities.md

---

> Title: Enterprise feature support

Reviewer: Redis Enterprise features compatibility for Redis Modules

description: Describes the Redis Enterprise features supported by each Redis module.
weight: 8
alwaysopen: false
categories: ["Modules"]
aliases: /modules/packaging
---

> While Redis modules support all features of open-source Redis, not every module is able to support all features of Redis Enterprise Software or Redis Enterprise Cloud.  In addition, each module gets new features over time.

Reviewer: Agreed, there's no point mentioning this

||||<br/>|
| Supported by Redis Enterprise Software | Yes | Yes | Yes | 
| Supported by Redis Enterprise Cloud    | Yes | Yes | Yes |
||||<br/>|
| Active-Active (CRDB)    | No           | Yes (v2.0)    | No           | 
| Backup/Restore          | Yes (v1.0)   | Yes (v1.4)    | Yes (v1.2)   | 
| Clustering              | Yes (v1.0)   | Yes (v1.6)    | Yes (v1.2)   | 
| Custom hashing policy   | Yes (v1.0)   | Yes (v2.0)    | Yes (v1.2)   | 
| Eviction expiration     | Yes (v1.0)   | Yes (v2.0)    | Yes (v1.2)   | 
| Failover/migration      | Yes (v1.0)   | Yes (v1.4)    | Yes (v1.2)   | 
| Internode encryption    | Yes (v1.0.8) | Yes (v2.0.11) | Yes (v1.4.9) | 
| Module datatypes        | Yes          | Yes           | Yes          | 
| Multikey methods        | No           | Yes (v2.0     | Yes (v1.2)   | 
| Persistence (AOF)       | Yes (v1.0)   | Yes (v1.4)    | Yes (v1.2)   | 
| Persistence (snapshop)  | Yes (v1.0)   | Yes (v1.6)    | Yes (v1.2)   | 
| Redis on Flash (RoF)    | Yes (v1.0)   | Yes (v2.0)    | Yes (v1.4.7) | 
| Replica Of              | Yes (v1.0)   | Yes (v1.6)    | Yes (v1.2)   | 
| Reshard/rebalance       | Yes (v1.0)   | Yes (v2.0)    | Yes (v1.2)   | 

> ## Feature descriptions

Reviewer: +1

The following table briefly describes each feature shown in the earlier tables.

| Feature name/capability | Description |
|-------------------------|-------------|
| Active-Active (CRDB)    | Supports Active-active (CRDB) databases  |
| Backup/Restore          | Supports import and export features |
| Clustering              | Supports sharded databases and shards that can be migrated |
| Custom hashing policy   | Supports databases with custom hashing policies |
| Eviction expiration     | Fully supports eviction policies and expiration |
| Failover/migration      | Supports databases in failover or migration status |

> | Internode encryption    | Supports encryption on the data plane, when enabled for databases |

Reviewer: Just remove the "when enabled".  this is the case for all these capabilities.  "Encryption on the data plane" is fine by me, but please make it consistent with the release notes of 6.2.8

> | Module datatypes        | Supports module-specific datatypes and existing Redis types |

Reviewer: | Eviction expiration     | Fully supports eviction policies and expiration |
 
This means that data can be evicted by Redis Enterprise when the database reaches limits.  This used not to be possible with RediSearch because you could evict parts of the index instead of the data

| Failover/migration      | Supports databases in failover or migration status |

Supports the failover between Primary and replica but more importantly the migration of shards between nodes within the Redis Enterprise cluster

| Module datatypes        | Supports module-specific datatypes and existing Redis types |

Please remove from the table

> | Multikey methods        | Includes methods that support multiple keys (inverted cells) |

Reviewer 2: Also, where did "inverted cells" come from? Not sure what this means in this context.

| Persistence (AOF)       | Supports databases using AoF persistence |
| Persistence (snapshop)  | Supports databases using snapshop persistence | 
| Redis on Flash (RoF)    | Supports Redis on Flash (RoF) |
| Replica Of              | Supports databases using REPLICAOF  | 

> | Reshard/rebalance       | Supports module is able to operate in a database that is resharded and rebalanced|

Reviewer: | Replica Of              | Supports databases using REPLICAOF  | 

please refer to our replica of terminology in the rest of the docs

> | Reshard/rebalance       | Supports module is able to operate in a database that is resharded and rebalanced|

Reviewer: | Reshard/rebalance       | Supports module is able to operate in a database that is resharded and rebalanced|

This is related to scaling a database within Redis Enterprise where a clustered database goes from 2 to 4 shards.  In this case data needs to be redistributed between the 4 shards according to the hash slots.  Some modules (such as redis search) didn't use to support this

|||||<br/>|
| Active-Active (CRDB)    | No         | No           | Yes (v1.0) | No           |
| Backup/Restore          | Yes (v1.0) | Yes (v2.0)   | Yes (v1.0) | Yes (v1.0)   |
| Clustering              | Yes (v1.0) | Yes (v2.0)   | Yes (v1.0) | Yes (v2.2.3)[^1] |
| Custom hashing policy   | Yes (v1.0) | Yes (v2.0)   | Yes (v1.0) | Yes (v1.0)   |
| Eviction expiration     | Yes (v1.0) | Yes (v2.0)   | Yes (v1.0) | No           |
| Failover/migration      | Yes (v1.0) | Yes (v2.0)   | Yes (v1.0) | Yes (v1.0)   |
| Internode encryption    | Yes (v1.2) | Yes (v2.2.6) | Yes (v1.2) | Yes (v2.4)   |
| Module datatypes        | Yes        | Yes          | Yes        | Yes          |
| Multikey methods        | Yes (v1.0) | No           | Yes (v1.0) | No           |
| Persistence (AOF)       | Yes (v1.0) | Yes (v2.0)   | Yes (v1.0) | Yes (v2.0)   |
| Persistence (snapshot)  | Yes (v1.0) | Yes (v2.0)   | Yes (v1.0) | Yes (v1.0)   |
| Redis on Flash (RoF)    | No         | Yes (vTBD)   | Yes (vTBD) | No           |
| Replica Of              | Yes (v1.0) | Yes (v2.0)   | No         | Yes (v2.2)   |
| Reshard/rebalance       | No         | Yes (v2.0)   | Yes (v1.0) | No           |

> [^1]: The RedisGraph module supports clustering, however, individual Graphs contained in a key reside in a single shard, which can affect pricing.  To learn more, contact support.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
[^1]: The RedisGraph module supports clustering; however, individual Graphs contained in a key reside in a single shard, which can affect pricing.  To learn more, [contact support](https://redis.com/company/support/).
```

> [^1]: The RedisGraph module supports clustering, however, individual Graphs contained in a key reside in a single shard, which can affect pricing.  To learn more, contact support.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
[^1]: The RedisGraph module supports clustering, however, individual Graphs contained in a key reside in a single shard, which can affect pricing.  To learn more, [contact support](https://redis.com/company/support/).
```

| Custom hashing policy   | Yes (v1.0)   | Yes (v2.0)    | Yes (v1.2)   | 
| Eviction expiration     | Yes (v1.0)   | Yes (v2.0)    | Yes (v1.2)   | 
| Failover/migration      | Yes (v1.0)   | Yes (v1.4)    | Yes (v1.2)   | 
| Internode encryption    | Yes (v1.0.8) | Yes (v2.0.11) | Yes (v1.4.9) | 
| Module datatypes        | Yes          | Yes           | Yes          | 
| Multikey methods        | No           | Yes (v2.0     | Yes (v1.2)   | 
| Persistence (AOF)       | Yes (v1.0)   | Yes (v1.4)    | Yes (v1.2)   | 
| Persistence (snapshot)  | Yes (v1.0)   | Yes (v1.6)    | Yes (v1.2)   | 
| Redis on Flash (RoF)    | Yes (v1.0)   | Yes (v2.0)    | Yes (v1.4.7) | 
| Replica Of              | Yes (v1.0)   | Yes (v1.6)[^2]    | Yes (v1.2)   | 
| Reshard/rebalance       | Yes (v1.0)   | Yes (v2.0)    | Yes (v1.2)   | 

[^2]: In version 1.6, RediSearch supported Replica Of only between databases with the same number of shards.  This limitation was fixed in v2.0. 

## Feature descriptions

The following table briefly describes each feature shown in the earlier tables.

| Feature name/capability | Description |
|-------------------------|-------------|

> | Active-Active (CRDB)    | Supports Active-active (CRDB) databases  |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| Active-Active (CRDB)    | Supports Active-Active (CRDB) databases  |
```

| Backup/Restore          | Supports import and export features |
| Clustering              | Supports sharded databases and shards that can be migrated |
| Custom hashing policy   | Supports databases with custom hashing policies |
| Eviction expiration     | Fully supports eviction policies and expiration |
| Failover/migration      | Supports databases in failover or migration status |
| Internode encryption    | Supports encryption on the data plane, when enabled for databases |
| Module datatypes        | Supports module-specific datatypes and existing Redis types |
| Multikey methods        | Includes methods that support multiple keys (inverted cells) |
| Persistence (AOF)       | Supports databases using AoF persistence |
| Persistence (snapshot)  | Supports databases using snapshot persistence | 
| Redis on Flash (RoF)    | Supports Redis on Flash (RoF) |
| Replica Of              | Supports databases using REPLICAOF  | 

> | Reshard/rebalance       | Supports module is able to operate in a database that is resharded and rebalanced|

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| Reshard/rebalance       | Module can operate in a database that is resharded and rebalanced|
```
